minor copyedits for readme (#2)
launchdarkly-labs/project-migrator-script: README.md

# Project Migrator

### Requirements

- You must have [Deno](https://deno.land/) installed. If you use Homebrew, run `brew install deno`.

### Considerations

> - These scripts, `migrate.ts` and `source.ts`, are provided strictly as-is. LaunchDarkly Support cannot be expected for help running this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These scripts, `migrate.ts` and `source.ts`, are provided strictly as-is. LaunchDarkly Support cannot help run this.
```
Just a suggestion.

### Known issues

> - Bug with 429 rate limiting. The request that is rate limited will still fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug with 429 rate limiting. The rate-limited request will still fail,
```
I don't have much context for this section, so feel free to ignore any suggestions that don't make sense.

>   but subsequent requests work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but subsequent requests will work.
```

> - Importing LD API TypeScript types causes an import error, so are commented out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Importing LD API TypeScript types causes an import error, so they are commented out
```

  in various spots.
- Types in general are very loose, which Deno is not happy about. The scripts run as

>   JavaScript overall compared to validating the TypeScript first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  JavaScript overall instead of validating the TypeScript first.
```

> - Due to the current API configuration, the environments count for a given project tops at 20 environments for a single project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to the current API configuration, you cannot have more than 20 environments in a single project.
```

> - Due to considerations around many API requests at once, monitor 400 errors for flag configurations that may not be up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to considerations around many API requests at once, monitor 400 errors for flag configurations that may not be up to date.
```
I wonder what we mean by "considerations" here.

Author: I think it's just another reference to the 429 (rate-limiting) errors.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we had an issue around some bad request types - the script will bubble up 400 errors for specific calls, but continue to run.  Wanted to highlight that the output is designed to be helpful, if things don't look right
